doc: fix broken kuma.io link (#16028)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

Kuma SD configurations allow retrieving scrape target from the [Kuma](https://kuma.io) control plane.

> This SD discovers "monitoring assignments" based on Kuma [Dataplane Proxies](https://kuma.io/docs/2.9.x/production/dp-config/dpp/#data-plane-proxy),

Reviewer: Let's do the following, which redirects to the latest version:

```suggestion
This SD discovers "monitoring assignments" based on Kuma [Dataplane Proxies](https://kuma.io/docs/latest/production/dp-config/dpp/#data-plane-proxy),
```
